My name is Brian Plunkett and I live in north Mississippi.  My career has strictly been in IT within the financial industry.  I've grown from Mainframe Computer Operator, Production Control Analyst, z/OS System Programmer, and a myriad of other touches in the field of check processing and managed file transmissions.  Today I'm a mid-level manager over most of the groups mentioned previously, presiding over a large number of bank conversions.
				
I spent most of 2017, 2018, and 2019 so far on the IT side of bank mergers and acquisitions.  This is the legal merger announcement for <a href="https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bancorpsouth-completes-acquisitions-in-texas-and-louisiana-300582867.html">Ouachita Independent Bank and First State Bank of Central Texas</a>.  And this is the legal merger announcement for <a href="https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bancorpsouth-completes-merger-with-icon-capital-corporation-300721218.html">Icon Bank of Texas</a>.  All three IT mergers were completed during 2018 with a large concerted effort.

Grand Bank of Texas, Merchant Bank of Jackson Alabama, Summit Bank of Florida, and Texas Star Bank acquisitions were all named late in 2018 and into 2019.  My teams will be very busy with those in the coming months. 

I'm a '70's-'80's kid, so I grew up with Atari's, Apple IIc's, and Nintendo systems, so I've been around gaming systems and programming for many years.  I dabbled then and I dabble now as you'll see from my apps.  To the chagrine of my children, I spend a lot of my free time with Fortnite.  It's just the easiest game to pick up and play.
